---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "keytos_ezca_ssl_leaf_cert Resource - keytos"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Crates a leaf certificate that is issued by an EZCA SSL authority. If the resource is deleted prior to expiration, it will be revoked.
---

# keytos_ezca_ssl_leaf_cert (Resource)

Crates a leaf certificate that is issued by an EZCA SSL authority. If the resource is deleted prior to expiration, it will be revoked.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "keytos_ezca_ssl_leaf_cert" "example" {
  authority_id     = var.authority_id
  template_id      = var.template_id
  cert_request_pem = file("cert_request.pem")
  validity_period  = "336h" # 14d
  overwrite_subject_name = {
    common_name  = "Test 101"
    organization = "Keytos"
  }
  early_renewal_period = "24h" # 1d
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `authority_id` (String) EZCA SSL authority identifier
- `cert_request_pem` (String) Certificate request data in PEM format
- `template_id` (String) EZCA authority SSL template identifier
- `validity_period` (String) Validity period that the certificate will remain valid for

### Optional

- `additional_subject_alternative_names` (Attributes) Additional subject alternative names to add to the certificate (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--additional_subject_alternative_names))
- `early_renewal_period` (String) Resource will consider the leaf certificate ready for renewal early by the duration defined here. This can be used to update the resource-managed certificate when close to expiring when it is applied during the early renewal period.
- `extended_key_usages` (List of String) List of extended key usages. Defaults to server authentication and client authentication.
- `key_usages` (List of String) List of key usages. Defaults to key encipherment and digital signature.
- `overwrite_subject_name` (Attributes) Set to override the Subject Name of the certificate structurally. Can only define one of `overwrite_subject_name` or `overwrite_subject_name_str`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--overwrite_subject_name))
- `overwrite_subject_name_str` (String) Set to override the Subject Name of the certificate as a string. Can only define one of `overwrite_subject_name` or `overwrite_subject_name_str`.

### Read-Only

- `cert_pem` (String) Certificate data in PEM format.
- `cert_serial_number` (String) Certificate serial number. The unique identifier for this resource.
- `cert_thumbprint_hex` (String) Certificate thumbprint. This is a SHA-1 sum of the raw certificate contents.
- `ready_for_renewal` (Boolean) True when the certificate is expired or when in the early renewal period.
- `validity_not_after` (String) Time prior which the certificate is valid as an RFC3339 timestamp. Expiration time stamp.
- `validity_not_before` (String) Time after which the certificate is valid as an RFC3339 timestamp. Validity start time stamp.

<a id="nestedatt--additional_subject_alternative_names"></a>
### Nested Schema for `additional_subject_alternative_names`

Optional:

- `dns_names` (List of String)
- `email_addresses` (List of String)
- `ip_addresses` (List of String)
- `uris` (List of String)


<a id="nestedatt--overwrite_subject_name"></a>
### Nested Schema for `overwrite_subject_name`

Optional:

- `common_name` (String)
- `country` (List of String)
- `locality` (List of String)
- `organization` (List of String)
- `organizational_unit` (List of String)
- `postal_code` (List of String)
- `province` (List of String)
- `street_address` (List of String)
